friday night at the brand new world two
sides with title aspirations came
face-to-face Steven Kenny's Derry City
were unbeaten while daughter went into
the game having one at home too cold the
previous weekend
last season on route to winning the
league driver had the measure of Jerry
winning all three tussles the visitors
started brightly and enjoyed plenty of
possession but Jerry had an early shout
for a penalty paddy mccourt got away
from Holly kaho Machoke Hendrick
appeared to barge into the dairy winger
inside the area despite the
encouragement of the dairy prayers and
the Brandywell faithful Damien Hancock
remained unconvinced the courts great
Ron brought to a shuddering halt
McCourty Steven Kenny maintains should
be in the Northern Ireland squad then
carved out the first opening of the game
skipping away from Kendrick before
driving the ball across the area me
covel Noonan and he'd rather go got the
necessary touch as Mark plan prepared to
pants
prada remain quite comfortable although
Ibrahim err enc am picked up a yellow
card for this challenge on Clive Delaney
a real battle of the Giants at the
Brandywell tratas only real chance at
the half arrived just before half-time
Shane Robinson searched forward and got
away from Steven gray the ball
approaches to return inside the area he
pulled it back for Adam fuse with the
midst of her shop with tame and straight
a chair Doherty
the game was decided by two goals in as
many minutes early in the second half
Steven gray potato and Morrison and it's
teasing ball into the area him off the
unlucky Kendrick and ended up in the net
with the Brandywell rocking draw de
needed to respond but instead fell
further behind Brian Shelley guilty of
mistiming his challenge on mark burns
referee ding in hancock with no choice
but to point to the penalty spot
frustration for Paul Julian foreign only
scored four league goals in all of last
season already his bag three a confident
penalty kick dispatch
draw door rattles and three cynthia was
seeing red the big man from da car went
down dramatically inside the area and
then needlessly pushed over Peter Hutton
p.m. dan had a thing or two to say to
the Rev who promptly gave him his
marching orders to know down and a man's
on the game was up for all de time for
TM
shradha kept plugging away but Terry had
done the hard part guy Bates who
replaced a man's I he tried his luck but
his effort was warmed so to know to
Dairy Stephen Kenya's weaving his magic
at the Brandywell again try to need to
lift them servants soon I they're in
danger if we left behind Terry city to
trot Anil
sender the message you know that work
for but work we're trying to get back to
what I was a couple usual steven is here
and that's a we've been when I a min to
do is make the brown little fortress
again
mark
now hope the deal
we're just pleased that we got a good
start and 10 from 12 ratings ghosts are
present um you know working we know that
we sell have a lot of improvement to the
University
sure